hey guys I wanted to talk a little bit
about electric bike loss here in the
United States and in Europe and in Asia
so the interesting thing about ebikes is
that even though they're motorized
in the United States they're classified
as bicycles so you don't need insurance
you don't need a license that saves you
a lot of money it means you can ride
across you know parks and make your way
to work more safely more comfortably and
you know enjoy kind of that social
element however they're only classified
as bikes if you follow specific
guidelines and those are that the motor
has to be less than or equal to 750
watts in terms of size and the top speed
has to be less than 20 miles per hour
under throttle power for a rider
weighing 170 pounds
it doesn't say anything about how fast
it can go
with a little bit of extra rider power
and that sort of led to some interesting
developments that I'm going to talk
about now if you're in Europe the top
speed limitation there is 25 kilometers
per hour for it to be classified as a
bicycle okay and 25 kilometers per hour
that that translates to about 15 point 5
miles per hour
so it's considerably slower also they
have different regulations on motor size
like 250 watt in a lot of locations and
that just you know I think it's designed
to keep them a little slower a little
safer maybe it's more crowded
environment
the laws in the United States were set
up during the George W Bush era and 750
watts is equivalent to one mile or one
horsepower okay so it was like one
horsepower you know that sounds good and
you know it's kind of neat that they did
that because the bikes here are they
tend to be a little faster a little bit
better climbers a little bit more
capable for the longer distances that
that may be required for someone who's
living out in suburbia in the United
States now Asia has kind of similar
similar rules as the United States I
think it's like 19 miles per hour in
China and they've had certain cities
that have kind of outlawed electric
bikes but then they've received pressure
because so many people need to need a
way to get around they've kind of taken
those taking those restrictions off in a
lot of cases
but there are still still rules sort of
at the state and city level and in all
of these different parts of the world
right in the United States there are
certain trails and places that restrict
electric bikes or more
I guess just strict about how how they
interpret the laws and and that's
something to keep in mind but in general
if you're riding responsibly and you're
following those laws that you've got
that federal mandate in the United
States which you can really fall back on
so here are a couple of electric bikes
that do satisfy that low-speed electric
bike guideline what we're looking at
here is an energy 2.6 TM it's got a
mid-drive motor and this has pedal
assist it has a throttle mode there's a
little trigger throttle up here and the
top speed on this is 20 miles per hour
in throttle mode or in' pedal assist you
know and that's that's kind of standard
and this is the specialized turbo X
which actually goes up to 28 miles per
hour but is still classified as a
low-speed electric bike in the United
States because it's only able to reach
those higher speeds when you pedal along
rigorously okay so essentially if this
was operating under throttle power alone
it would still top out at 20 miles per
hour with a hundred and seventy pound
rider on flat hard concrete okay but but
as you pedal along essentially the motor
just doesn't stop it's still offering
you that incremental boost and they have
similar designs in Europe and in fact
this bike is available in Europe but
over there there they're a little bit
more strict about the top speed and
limiting you and they out they have
these other requirements so essentially
if you had this bike in Europe you would
need to have a little license plate of
course it would need these lights which
get carried over to the United States
version and then these little nubs on
the end of brake levers so if you ever
see these on a bike in the US you're
like what are those nubs it's because
that's a requirement in Europe and maybe
just helps your fingers not slip off I
think the argument in the United States
for a lot of people has been well gosh
you know I have a road bike and I can
hit 40 miles per hour you know so why
not my electric bike and you know
basically there's that compromise where
yep throttle only 20 miles per hour
that's the limit
but if you pedal along you you you can
get a little higher and in this case
this motor is 200 watts nominal but it
peaks at 750 so they're really
satisfying all of those other
requirements and and frankly it doesn't
actually have a throttle mode it does
have a little bit of a walk mode if you
hold that the nub in in sort of the the
up position and a lot of European bikes
have that as well that's that's
different from a throttle it just kind
of helps you if you're pushing this up a
hill and you're not necessarily riding
it so I wanted to clarify and this is
kind of a special a special bike in the
United States it was one of the first
that offer that that higher top speed
and kind of you know tiptoes around
those those legal definitions of what
you know what makes for a low speed
electric bike so it's it's kind of
special to see these this this model the
original turbo was launched around 2012
2013 in the United States and now there
are just a whole bunch of other bikes
that offer this there's like the Focus
Thrawn impulse speed and there's the
izip III - even some high bikes so more
and more bikes are starting to say okay
well you know we can go a little bit
faster and commuters really enjoy that
they can get to work a little bit faster
but again in the United States you don't
have to have the license the insurance
and and some of those other things as
long as throttle mode tops out at 20
miles per hour and as long as the motor
is still sort of complying with that 20
miles per hour only throttle that kind
of thing I know it's a little bit
confusing but you know it's worth worth
exploring why we were able to check this
out and I'll see if for more primers
back in electricbikereview.com
you